# Project Scoping v0.0.2

*29th March 2023*


## Mockup

In order to showcase conceptually how the system might work, a quick mock up was constructed using the technologies that were listed in the [proposed system architecture](./v0.0.1.md#proposed-system-architecture), which used:

- `sounddevice` for capturing audio 
- `Whisper-1` for Audio transcription into text (STT) (25MB limit on audio transcriptions)
- `GPT (text-davinci-003)` for generating a response to the prompt 
- `ElevenLabs` for creating a realistic voice audio synthesis (10,000 Character Limit)


The idea here is showcase how voice can be used to interact with GPT, rather than needing to type everything, and intelligible responses are returned. See the video below of what GPT says when asked what the future would be like for AI. Notebook on GitHub: [here](https://github.com/tempnamefornow/ar-assistant/blob/main/notebooks/research/chatgpt/openai-api.ipynb)

<center>

<video style="width:600px" controls="" alt="type:video">
   <source src="../../../resources/video/project_documentation/scoping/chat_with_gpt.mov" type="video/mp4">
</video>

</center> 



### Examples

**Voice Recording Transcription:**

> What's the most inspiring thing that's ever happened?

**ChatGPT response:**

> The most inspiring thing that's ever happened is the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.
>It was a powerful symbol of the triumph of hope, freedom and unity over fear, oppression and division.
> The peaceful revolution showed the world the power of people uniting together to demand more from their government
> and to strive for a better future. It also marked the end of the Cold War, which had gripped the world for four decades.

---

**Voice Recording Transcription:**

> What will the future be like for AI?

**ChatGPT response:**
> The future of AI is anticipated to be a major game-changer, impacting almost every aspect of our lives. AI will continue to get smarter, faster and more accurate in its functions, leading to an increase in automation and greater efficiency. AI will have a significant impact on industries such as healthcare, finance, transportation, and manufacturing. AI will continue to become more sophisticated and integrated into everyday life, leading to improved customer service and personalized experiences. With the advancements in AI, we can expect to see more intelligent robots, autonomous vehicles, and voice-controlled systems that can make decisions and learn from experience.